README.md, before:

# BruinYelp

Andy Zhang, Nicole Ju, Julie Lam, Zinnia Kwan, and Chris Lung. 

## Description

BruinYelp is a web application that allows you to write and post reviews about UCLA's
dining halls. You can see the current menu, pictures of food, 
and what other people think of the food. 

## Features

1) Displaying Dynamic Data through Reviews
2) Uploading Client data to Firebase
3) Searching for specific reviews
4) Logging in through Google
5) Upvoting other Reviews
6) Sorting by Date Posted, Star Rating, or Number of Upvotes

## How to run BruinYelp

### Install the code

Run the following code to clone the repository and install the necessary packages.

### `git clone https://github.com/andyz2021/BruinYelp.git`
### `cd BruinYelp`
### `npm install`

Next, change directory into frontend and install the necessary packages there. 

### `cd frontend`
### `npm install`

### Run the App

Run the app simply by typing in the command inside the frontend directory:

### `npm start`


Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

There is no backend setup necessary, as our app runs on Firebase. The database is already set up
and there is no need for any further steps after setting up the frontend.

Commit message:

Updated README to include tech stack

README.md, after:

# BruinYelp

Andy Zhang, Nicole Ju, Julie Lam, Zinnia Kwan, and Chris Lung. 

## Description

BruinYelp is a web application that allows you to write and post reviews about UCLA's
dining halls. You can see the current menu, pictures of food, 
and what other people think of the food. 

###Tech Stack
BruinYelp was designed using React.js for frontend, and Firebase/Cloud Firestore as backend.

## Features

1) Displaying Dynamic Data through Reviews
2) Uploading Client data to Firebase
3) Searching for specific reviews
4) Logging in through Google
5) Upvoting other Reviews
6) Sorting by Date Posted, Star Rating, or Number of Upvotes

## How to run BruinYelp

### Install the code

Run the following code to clone the repository and install the necessary packages.

### `git clone https://github.com/andyz2021/BruinYelp.git`
### `cd BruinYelp`
### `npm install`

Next, change directory into frontend and install the necessary packages there. 

### `cd frontend`
### `npm install`

### Run the App

Run the app simply by typing in the command inside the frontend directory:

### `npm start`


Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in your browser.

There is no backend setup necessary, as our app runs on Firebase. The database is already set up
and there is no need for any further steps after setting up the frontend.
